# Intro
To preface, I want to be upfront with how my AI workflow first before going deeper into how I used Claude and other tools to debug and verify AI generated code and researching, weighing, and choosing final designs that I thought were sensible.

I built myself an [auto-looped research LLM wiki](https://github.com/vietbui1999ru/llm-wiki) with concrete best-practice examples, concepts, and rules. It acts as a knowledge-based vector search database and an AI tool agnostic plugin and server for using in fresh or old codebases. What's neat (in my opinion), is that I can find resources online on various AI-assisted coding concepts (like best way to test, best way to debug, what to review, how to reduce technical debt, how to persist context and agent memory, harnessing, etc) and orchestrate and spawn a great amount of parallel agents with optimized configurations and models depending on task complexity (reduce token costs, improve speed of accurate code generation, improved criticism and verifying tests) and much more.

---
# Pitfalls and Lessons
Ok, here are the AI pitfalls and a few recorded failures that AI handled poorly or took longer to do (does not justify the usage or costs):
### API endpoint/documentation mismatch.
While integrating playwright and playwright-stealth (for bot-detection evasion), playwright-stealth migrated to a different code interface, but Claude generated a scraper async function call from an old version (old function was in v1.0.* and the newest and working version was on v2.0). The error trace during testing showed exactly that the old function did not exist in the library and was caught during import time, and through some research online resulted me in knowing that in my pyproject environment setup, playwright-stealth was set to v2 (which is up to date, but if I set v1, then the deprecated old function would have worked - albeit it might not be best for various reasons). I think I was able to track the error early in the build thanks to aggressive test generation (thanks to my debug and test agents which are constantly spawned in to build unit tests whenever there are code refactors or adding new features). I don't usually trust tests generated from AI tools because they tend to produce a lot of false positive passes, but I gave very strict rules for the tests and sometimes I also modify the tests manually for peace of mind.

### When asking to add features, details matter for any optimization decisions
When I successfully was able to scrape Amazon price data and save it to my local database and present it on the frontend, The longer the backend session ran, the more resource the backend was hogging. It was due to some of the earlier decisions I made regarding the scraping and logging frequencies for the application: I wanted to log scraping activities, any CRUD operations, errors, and even constant update of product list's data when there is no activity between the periodic executions. While these decisions helped me a lot in fixing hidden or hard to find issues, when it comes to the app's performances, it took a major hit regarding computer resource consumptions. I was building and testing on a local mac machine and on containers, so the overhead of resources were pretty limited, therefore, as I added just a few more products, while also maintaining that very verbose logging and notification methods I build into the backend and database, the more webpages I scraped and rescraped, the larger the memory stack of what the application had to remember or to redo scraping grew intensely. I had to probe Claude and asked whether the resource hit was due to neverending data scraping and saving, and whether I was correct to think about the app being slower due to that; I also had to decide and instruct Claude to integrate Redis caching to evict old stale logs and web data for performance improvements for the app's backend and database. There were also other minor performance issues that could be improved that I dug up thanks to my specialized agents (code quality, security, architecture, QA, reviewer from my llm-wiki knowledge graph), and was able to resolve and improve with the assumption that if this app was to scale then there should be more systematic abstractions and more optimal concurrency patterns (like workers with individual clocks).

### Context and Memory degradation of AI tools overtime

The longer or complex the codebase became over time, the less accurate the answers and the ability to recall notes and specific requirements I asked Claude to do was over time. When it came to providing necessary features, Claude was able to generate good enough code and was able to review and fix its contradiction fairly good and fast enough by itself (with orchestration and good harnesses of course). However, once there were more tests, more refinement that I specifically request and redoing until I feel it's good enough, Claude kept looping back to apply changes that were incorrect in the past within the project's lifecycle. A way I thought of circumventing it was to use a combination of context compression, file as project checkpoints, constant documentation updates. This way, I saw significant changes in the way Claude proposed approaches to me that fitted with what I expected or needed.

### Other Notes (Generated by Claude automatically)
I also am attaching an [[AI-NOTES]] markdown file that was entirely automatically appended during different Claude sessions within the project time. This was generated in tandem with any errors that required debugging and were possibly trivial or wrong answers generated due to not remembering what it built, setup before, and not referencing or applying directly to its own configurations in its code.