# Overall Design
I started off this project by thinking about what features the scraper needed. I focused more on the libraries, frameworks, tools that were secure, reliable, well-documented, and especially easy to run on locally, since I wanted to challenge myself on learning how to scale, but also because since ECFX worked with sensitive information, I thought it would be best to have in-house solutions that can scale safely over time. I built with Python, FastAPI, Playwright for backend (due to how fast Python is for demos while still having optional data typing feature), TypeScript, Vite, Vitest, Recharts, npm for quick minimal and beautiful frontend, postgres and sqlalchemy for the database layer (strong typing, good persistence, fast updates to schemas), and Docker containers for 1-script deployments. I also have an [[ANALYSIS]] Doc (AI-generated) for critiquing design choices and weigh issues that need fixing/improving after this first sprint.

---
# Design choices
Here are the major choices I made for the project:
### Playwright + Playwright-stealth: 
I chose these because playwright has been the more reliable web scraper in this current "bot-squashing" internet. Few years ago, you could scrape by with python's beautfulsoup and requests libraries, but nowadays, there are so many security measures on popular websites that it's harder to access content, and easier to get IP-banned. I found that a combination of playwright browser automation with some randomness in navigation and clicking, alongside some research on security practices (I used the resources to circumvent fingerprinting and any potential bot-flags). While it's not the fastest and most reliable solution (dedicated services with API keys), it still performs well and consistently able to scrape data correctly, all without costing a dime and no IP-bans and no Amazon ToS violations
### Postgres + SQLAlchemy
Postgres with typed schema and sqlalchemy: I chose this because I wanted to think about scaling the scraper, and sqlalchemy's strongly typed schemas with async capabilities showed the strongest potential in reducing costs in the future. The immediate profits are neglible, and the code is more verbose than other options, but I think that concurrency and any performance optimization approaches can always benefit even if it's small (plus I didn't have to code everything myself, I just needed to understand Claude's approaches so it wasn't as difficult). Keeping the database local is also intentional to reduce any possible storage costs in the future if ECFX's client pool gets larger. We just need a lot of storage and data sharding for persistent and secure data.
### How to test/demo and how would this scraper behave in production: 
One of the harder design choices (I think), was what kind of demo flow should I design for the most fluid experience. this includes UI intuitiveness, backend logic and human-readable (AI search optimized) code, meaningful and prettified logs, documentation, different options to interact with the project, quick and straightforward onboarding, and within scope of the project's requirements. I think the most important part in the testing design choice that I made was the logging, I have console logs as well as web endpoint log that show detailed interactions between tools, data, and statuses (error, valid, answering what, where, when). To build even more resiliency and prevent any kinds of locking or race-conditions, I also added guardrails for excessive product fetches and multiple fetches scenarios that could overload and potentially cause infinite loops/suspensions.

### Notifications & pricing decisions
I simply wanted minimal notification methods so I only made a Toast-like notification for when products lower prices. I also wired with Slack App and its webhook for price-drops too. For the purpose of the demo, I know that I can't reliably scrape and get frequent updates on product prices, so I added configuration options for manual setting prices immediately or scheduled in the future to simulate price changes and notification demo. I also included a back-propagation method to nondeterministcally simulate a price walk to the past to mimic real world price volatility (I built a similar Black-Scholes simulation for my undergraduate Thesis!). Additionally, to get more frequent responses and endpoint hits, I allowed for manual configurations to the website's scraping and price alert options. 

### Stretch goals:
I wanted to build for production so I also employed some design choices in how to securely serve this website online (still not working). Since I had a home lab, I took it on myself to wire 2 minimal virtual containers (1 for reverse-proxying and 1 for actually hosting the entire app stack). Additionally, I added an optional API key to the app to access and do CRUD actions with the app's API endpoints (similar to any production-level backend services). It's not yet completed and I still have issues and hiccups in this feature.

